Welcome to this module in the last module we had an introduction to view chess and the end of this module.
You use Debussy or I to create our local development environment you could say project with web peg
as a build tool to allow us to split our code.
Overall multiple files to use some nice extra features like these dot view files which were parsed by
web page then.
And to have this development's server.
Now why did we use it.
Why didn't we just import de-valued and JS framework package into our of H.T. mail file and write code
as we did on a fiddle.
Why do we need workflows like shown in the last module.
What does a web page do for us and how does iOS 6 fit into this picture.
Let's take a closer look at all these questions.
In this module.